[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello.
My name is Darryl Anka,
and for the past 40 years,
I have been channeling an
extraterrestrial entity
that we call Bashar.
Bashar is a
first-contact specialist
from his civilization,
which is called Essassani,
which is in a parallel reality.
If we were to overlap
their reality with ours,
his planet would be about 500
light-years in the direction
of the Orion constellation.
He's brought through
a lot of information
to us over the last
40 years, and we're
going to explore and share
some of that information today
in this series.
My experience with
him began in 1973
when I had two
broad-daylight UFO sightings
here over Los Angeles,
which started investigating
the idea of what
that was all about
and led me to the understanding
that Bashar and I have
made an agreement to do this
channeling before this life.
So we would like to present
that information to you
in this series.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And I will say good day to
you this day of your time.
How are you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The near-death
experiences are giving you
a little bit of a snapshot,
but since they don't fully die,
they're not getting
the whole picture
because they don't go
beyond a certain point.
Because they need to come
back to the physical dream.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
A question that
everyone asks when
they are exploring spirituality
is, what is my purpose?
What is my mission in life?
The idea, fundamentally, is
to learn to be your true self.
But what does that mean?
We all come in with the idea
of having chosen this life
with a theme or a
purpose or a challenge
to transform and overcome.
And the challenges that
we experience in life
are usually representative of
the themes that as a spirit,
we chose to explore
in physical reality.
But what does it mean to
really be your true self?
We all innately have a vibration
in our core, a frequency that is
our true essential frequency.
It is the frequency from
source, the frequency that
represents our connection to
existence and all that is.
It is the difference between the
frequency of our physical minds
and the frequency of
our core vibration
that we are attempting to
harmonize with in exploring
the idea of physical reality.
We are essentially
spirit beings.
According to Bashar, we never
really leave the spirit realm.
While in spirit, we have
taken a portion of ourselves,
and we have focused
it into this dream,
into this experience
or this illusion
that we call physical reality.
So from Bashar's perspective,
spirit is our natural state.
It's where we live.
But we have allowed a
portion of ourselves
to have this
experience by imposing
belief systems on
ourselves that create
a physical mind, a focused mind
that allows us to experience
physical reality as
if it is something
more solid than an illusion.
And it is through this illusion
that we can discover new things.
In spirit, we are
basically limitless beings,
timeless beings.
We can know all the answers
to all the questions.
But in order to discover
something new, in order
to expand creation, we
have to, in a sense,
forget who we are so
that we can remember
who we are from a
new point of view,
discover something, a new
perspective of ourselves.
And that is how
creation expands.
The structure of existence,
so to speak, never changes.
It is our relationship to
it, our experience of it,
our perspective of existence
that always changes.
And that is how creation
expands and experiences
expansion, through
us, of itself.
So our soul's
journey is basically
for each and every individual
soul, something quite unique
and something quite
different, like all
the different reflections that
you see in a hall of mirrors--
one facing this way,
one facing that way,
one even perhaps being
completely turned around.
But in this case, every single
one of those reflections,
all of us are
actually self-aware,
are conscious and having
a different experience.
And all those reflections
going back to source,
back to all that
is, back to god,
goddess, whatever
you wish to call it,
are all the ways that it
has of experiencing itself
from all the different
points of view that
allows this continual
expansion to occur,
even though the basic structure
of existence never changes.
But we are unique beings.
Each and every one of
us are autonomous, are,
in a sense, all that is
itself, but experiencing itself
as a fragment of itself in this
holographic kind of exchange
of experience and information.
So the idea is that we set this
up by creating these belief
systems--
fear-based beliefs,
positive beliefs.
All these beliefs
create the idea
of the solidity of
physical reality
so that we don't break
from the illusion.
And this is how we learn.
This is how we treat
physical reality as
if it is a solid
thing, and how we
imagine that we have left the
spirit reality, our spirit
nature, in order to have this
adventure, this experience,
this game we are playing
called the Earth vibration,
the Earth experience.
And the way this
works is as follows.
Belief systems, whether
positive, negative, or neutral,
generate certain things.
They generate emotions.
They generate thought patterns.
They generate behaviors.
And all of those generate
an experience that
creates a feedback
reflection to us so
that we get to experience
what we believe
is true about ourselves.
And through these
belief systems,
we can experience and
explore the nature
of change and transformation
and discovery.
So it's very important on our
journey, on our soul's journey,
to allow ourselves
to examine what
we believe to be true about
ourselves in our physical minds.
Because in generating
the idea of emotions
to make us feel that the belief
is true, in generating thought
patterns to make us think
that the belief is true,
and in generating
behaviors to make
us behave as if
the belief is true,
we get the reflective experience
of what we believe is true.
So if we wish to
change the way we feel,
if we wish to change
the way we think,
and if we wish to change the
way we believe and change
the experience we are
having of physical reality,
it is very important to change
the actual belief system.
Because that's the
blueprint of everything
that we experience
in physical reality.
Everything that happens to us
isn't so much happening to us
as it is happening through us.
The idea is that
as spirit beings,
we actually choose to experience
physical reality as a learning
tool.
Because, as I said, only
by kind of forgetting
who we are as a spirit, an
unlimited, timeless being,
and imposing these restrictions
and limitations on ourselves,
on our consciousness, can
we discover something new,
can we pretend that we've never
had this experience before
or anything like it.
So we come at it fresh.
We come at it with
a clean slate.
And everything
that we experience
is a new discovery that helps
us change and helps us grow.
And that adds information
to our soul's journey,
our soul's growth.
You could even say the soul
is kind of like unfired clay.
And through this experience
of physical reality,
through the fire
of experience, we
fire that clay into the spirit,
the unique spirit that forever
represents the physical being
that we have chosen to be here,
so that when we pass back
into spirit, when we die,
that spirit always
remains and retains
all the information
of all the experience
that the physical being had
on its journey through life
in physical reality.
The idea of us as
a spirit being is,
again, this is
our natural state.
And we can, from that
particular point of view,
explore an infinite
variety of things.
So after one particular
physical journey is over
and we decide to
return to spirit,
then we have the
choice to explore
other kinds of adventures,
either physical incarnations
again or other dimensions or
remain in spirit for a time
or in a timeless state,
in order to explore things
from that point of view.
Even though those
explorations will
be very different from a
physical-reality exploration,
it all still adds to
the soul's journey.
It adds to our
spiritual endeavors,
our spiritual
explorations, and adds
to the greater being of source
to explore itself in all
the ways that it possibly can.
So it's about using physical
reality to our benefit,
to our advantage,
by really digging
deep down into what we believe
to be true about ourselves
so that we can engineer
our experience in a more
positive, creative,
and constructive way,
so that we can live
lives of fulfillment,
so that we can
live lives of joy.
No one on Earth is
meant to struggle.
The struggles that
we experience,
the difficulties that we
experience, the hardships
that we may experience,
are the result
of negative and
fear-based belief systems,
are the result of
outdated definitions
that we impose upon
ourselves so that we
can experience certain
things in a certain way.
Now, sometimes
the idea of having
some of those
negative experiences
may actually be a
learning tool, so
that our soul can accelerate
through something,
can learn to transform great
hardship into something more
easy, so we can
transform great darkness
into light, negativity
into positivity,
limitation into freedom.
So nothing is to be
judged in the value sense
as being unworthy or
not really something
that we can learn from, because
we can learn from anything.
But knowing that frees us up.
Because if we know that
any experience we have,
whether it seems negative or
positive, difficult or easy,
is something that can add to
our soul's growth, our soul's
journey, and we take it on
with a different definition
and a different attitude, then
we can always benefit from it.
We can always learn from it.
We can always expand our
consciousness from it.
And sometimes going through
what might be a crucible of fire
allows the porcelain
that comes out
of that to be more refined,
more specifically focused
on the idea of how to create a
reality for others that is also
beneficial.
Because we are here
to be of service.
This is a great part
of our soul's journey.
And just by living our
lives to the fullest,
by being a living example
of following our dreams,
staying in a positive state,
we can be a living example
to others that they
may also choose
that option for themselves.
So part of our soul's journey,
part of our spirit's nature,
is to be willing to explore
different realities,
to transform those
realities in positive ways,
and to be living
examples to other people
to help them know, by
reflection, by interaction,
by relationship with
them, that there are
other options and other
ways to live their lives
rather than the ways we may have
experienced life for thousands
of years in negative ways, in
hardship ways and struggling
ways.
We are not meant to struggle,
but we are meant to transform.
We are meant to have challenges,
but challenges help us grow.
But it doesn't have to be in
any way, shape, or form painful
or a struggle.
From Bashar's point of view, as
he has explained it many times,
pain is the result of resistance
to our natural, true selves,
just like energy
going through a wire.
If there is resistance,
the wire can heat up.
It can actually start to burn.
It can start to melt,
and it can fall apart.
But when we become less
resistant to our true vibration,
our inner core frequency,
then that energy
can flow through
our nervous system,
through the cells of our body.
It can actually support us.
It can energize us.
It can raise our
frequency up, and we
can experience many
positive things in life
and understand that we
have chosen these lives,
we have chosen these challenges
from a spiritual point of view,
knowing that physical reality
is a temporary experience that
will add to our
understanding of ourselves
and add to the experience
of all that is.
The idea of physical
reality can be
looked at from that
point of view as a gift
that we have given to
ourselves to accelerate
our experience of life
in all of its forms,
and it allows us to really
move forward and accelerate
in very positive ways and
evolve not only as individuals
but as a species through time,
to become all that we can be,
truly, to experience greatness
within ourselves, the fact
that we are extensions of a
greater being, a greater soul,
and to be able to bring
literally heaven down to Earth.
So let's explore
a little bit more
of the idea of the afterlife.
And even calling it an afterlife
is a little bit of a misnomer.
Because we really
do live in spirit,
and we come to physical
reality after spirit.
So the idea of the afterlife is
really more about waking up
into who we actually are.
Remembering who we
actually are is really
what death is all about.
It's stepping through a doorway.
And it's very similar
to the idea, let's say,
that if you were in physical
reality to go to sleep
and you had a very
realistic dream,
it seems so absolutely real.
And when you wake up in the
morning, you go, oh, wow.
Well, no matter how real that
seemed, I'm now really awake,
and this is who I really am.
This is really my life.
Well, the afterlife
or the spirit realm
is very much like that.
This physical reality
is a kind of a dream
that we've imposed
upon our consciousness.
And when we die, we actually
just expand our view
beyond the physical
limitations that we
have imposed upon
ourselves in order
to have the physical reality.
And in a very real way,
we are waking up back
into our real reality of
spirit, our natural home.
And so we say, well, no matter
how real that physical dream
seemed, this, as a spirit
being, is who I really am.
And now I can take all
of that experience.
I can learn from it.
In fact, one of the things
that people who have what
are called near-death
experiences often
have are life reviews.
And the life review is just a
recognition and a recapturing
of all of the experiences you
have had in that physical dream,
in that physical experience,
in that physical life
and learning from
every single thing.
And the way we understand
that this usually happens
is that now, because there is no
more barrier, no more space-time
illusion of
separation between you
and all the people
you interacted
with in your physical
life, now you
get to experience
that connection that
exists between everything,
that we are truly all one.
Because, as everyone
has described
this life-review
process, they actually
experience it, and everything
that they chose to have done
and everything that
affected every other person,
they experience it as if they
are the person being affected.
They experience it from
everyone's point of view
that they affected in life,
positively or negatively.
So they actually go through that
entire emotional exchange as if
everything that they
did to someone else
or with someone else is
actually now happening to them.
And this way you learn
it's not a judgment.
It's not a punishment.
But this way you
learn the effect
that you have on other
people, the consequence of all
the choices that
you make in life.
And the ripple effect of
all that energy going out
is all reflected back to
you in that life review.
Again, not in any
way, shape, or form
as a negative thing,
but as the soul,
then simply takes
it in and goes,
I could have made this
decision differently.
I could have chosen
something else.
I could have done this.
I could have done that.
Not with regret, but, again,
as a learning experience
for the soul's growth,
so that you actually
use the abilities you
have in the spirit
world, the instantaneity of
timelessness, the ability
to really, the moment you think
of something, experience it
right there as if it's real,
without the time lag whatsoever.
So by learning
this way, the soul
absorbs a lot of
information very rapidly
and can grow very
rapidly and make
choices for what it would
like to experience next.
And as we understand it, again,
from a lot of people who've
had near-death experiences,
you are aided and assisted
by spirit guides
and family members
in the afterlife that
help you decide what it
is you would like to do next.
In other words,
what's the next step
on the path of your
soul's journey.
And that's your greatest power,
is the freedom to choose.
Now, while we live
in physical reality,
while we are still
having that experience,
there can be a
number of ways that
can help people make
connections to spirit,
to their natural self.
Some people learn
lucid dreaming so
that they can sort of
wake up in the dream
and realize that they have
created physical reality.
Some people will gravitate
towards techniques
like meditation.
Some people will
gravitate towards things
that are other kinds of what
Bashar calls permission slips.
And this can be things
like numerology, astrology.
But people have to understand
these things don't control us.
They're reflections of our
consciousness, reflections
of where we're at.
And the reason that
Bashar refers to them
as permission slips is because
our belief system functions
in a certain way.
And whatever we have grown
up believing to be true
and whatever we believe to be
true about ourselves creates
a certain frequency
within us that attracts us
to certain objects and certain
techniques and certain tools.
And the reason we
have those attractions
is because that's letting us
know that those tools will help
us make these kinds of
connections to spirit,
to our higher selves.
So he calls them
permission slips
because any tool, any technique,
any discipline, any object,
any source of information
that you are attracted to use
is what you are using to
give yourself permission
to be more of who you are.
Now you're the one doing it.
You're the one
making the change.
But your belief
system says that it
will be easier by using
this meditative tool
or this astrological
technique or what have you.
So they're all valid.
They're all equal.
But they are all
permission slips
that allow us to
tap into our ability
to connect to our true
selves, our ability
to connect to spirit, to
connect to other realities,
other dimensions, and can
help raise our vibration
and allow us to remember
who we truly are.
Some indications that we are
on this spiritual journey
can be sometimes what happens
through a device called
synchronicity, where
you see certain numbers
or you see certain
things repeating again
and again and again.
These can function as
signposts, to remind you
that you are creating this
journey, even though it
may be an unconscious creation,
from your physical perspective.
But when these things occur
and you see certain numbers
over and over again, that's
reflective of the idea
that at that moment, you are in
the proper vibrational state,
in the proper state of being, to
remember that you have created
this experience, that
you have planned out,
to a degree, this journey,
to remind you that there is
magic in the world,
that you are connected
to a higher plane of existence.
So all of these little
synchronicities, the idea
being coined by Carl
Jung, about experiencing
what seems to be something
that has no apparent cause
and yet has meaning to you in
its timing of appearing in front
of you, and it is those
things that remind you
that you are more than
this physical reality,
that there's something beyond,
and allows you a moment
to contemplate why that is
happening in your reality,
in your experience.
So it is a technique
to pay attention
to the synchronous things
that happen in life.
Because from Bashar's
point of view,
there really are no accidents.
Everything is synchronicity.
Everything is an orchestration.
Whether it has
great meaning for us
or a little bit of meaning
for us isn't really the point.
We're all part of
this orchestration.
And sometimes we
play a part that
might be more important
for someone else
to experience what's going on.
And sometimes it might
be more important
for us to pay attention to those
synchronicities or coincidences
that are happening.
Because there is always some
information in there that
is beneficial for us to
help us move forward,
even if it's only telling
you that you are being
of service to someone
else by playing
a role in this
particular experience
you're having that may
be more important to them
than it is for you, and
yet the importance for you
is that you are willing
to be of service to them.
All of these devices can help
you remember and recognize
that you are on a path,
that there are certain
steps to that path that
are representative
of your true self.
And there is a
particular technique
that Bashar has talked
about that really boils it
all down to a tool kit
that is practically
applicable in physical reality.
And the next episode will be
all about what that technique
and toolkit is,
and it is referred
to by him as the formula.
And it is something that
can make our lives much
more transparent, much easier,
much more understandable,
and really act as a guiding
principle or a compass needle,
pointing in the direction
of our true north.